Once upon a time, there was a man who lived in New York, New York. He went by Kendrick,
lived by himself and worked a boring 9-to-5 nuclear power plant job that boasted a 
salary marginally better than minimum wage. He didn’t have much to live for and was 
severely depressed. With every day that passed, he got less and less sleep, became more 
and more careless and began to lose himself entirely. One day, after 9 days straight of 
no sleep, while walking on a catwalk over vats of nuclear waste, Kendrick drifted off and 
fell. He woke on impact as he fell into the open vat. With no strength and little regard 
for his life, he decided to just stay in the tub and die. However, after minutes of waiting, 
he felt no radiation sickness despite a yellow tint that developed on his skin that indicated 
that he probably should be dying. He began to realize that maybe he was immune to the pervasive 
effects of radiation. As he got out, …. 

he started feeling really hungry for pink glazed donuts with sprinkles on top. Distracted by his 
quest to acquire the donuts, he left work without clocking out. Once out of the power plant, 
Kendrick was made aware by the posters everywhere in town that it was National Donut Day. He 
started following the crowds that were headed to the donut shop, trying to get ahead of them. 
This turned out to be relatively easy, as people were pulling away from Kendrick due to his newly 
acquired  yellow tinted skin. He got right to the door of the shop and could smell the pink glazed 
donuts with sprinkles on top that he craved. But as he entered the donut shop, .

there were no more donuts left. So in his quest to find donuts he decided to fly to chicago and 
look for some donuts. It was the first day of january. He sees a long line of people nearing a 
donut shop. He decided to weight in line to get what he thought was going to be the best donut
he had ever had. After all he did come all the way from new york for this donut. Hours pass, he 
is still waiting in line but it was worth it. As he got closer, he would smell the inside of the 
shop. It didn't smell like any other donut shop he had ever been in. But everyone seemed 
to leave the shop satisfied so he didn't see a problem with it. Finally, he was at the front of
the line awaiting his turn. The sales representative calls him. He approaches the desk and is 
puzzled when he sees that this infact isnt a donut shop, despite the delicious smell. It was 
actually a dispensary. 

Filled with dissappointment, Kendrick went to the only other donut shop he knew of. The only other
donut place he had been to was a dunkin donuts in Madison WI. He then took a bus from Chicago to 
Madison. As he walked from the bus station to the dunkin donuts he began to ponder his order. 
Should he get a long john or a traditonal ring? Should he order vanilla or chocolate frosting?
Or maybe some type of glaze? As he walked in the door...

